Replace Kanye/Yeezy reference NFT with Nike/Jordans (#8815)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/nft/index.md

NFTs are currently taking the digital art and collectibles world by storm. Digital artists are seeing their lives change thanks to huge sales to a new crypto-audience. And celebrities are joining in as they spot a new opportunity to connect with fans. But digital art is only one way to use NFTs. Really they can be used to represent ownership of any unique asset, like a deed for an item in the digital or physical realm.

> If Andy Warhol had been born in the late 90s, he probably would have minted Campbell's Soup as an NFT. It's only a matter of time before your favorite brand has a run of NFTs on Ethereum. And one day owning your car might be proved with an NFT.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If Andy Warhol had been born in the late 90s, he probably would have minted Campbell's Soup as an NFT. It's only a matter of time before Nike puts a run of Jordans on Ethereum. And one day owning your car might be proved with an NFT.
```
